Add honcho multi process starter for local dev (#859)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

python run_gunicorn.py
```

# Running all services locally

> Honcho is used to provide a command to run MQ and web services at once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Honcho provides a command to run MQ and web services at once:
```
